damn it
well
I really got to get this roof
repaired the wet snow is just
way too much for the canvas
god damn it this building is
over 20-some odd years old that
me and my brother built when I
was 20 21 and it's lasted a long
time but it needs a lot of work
I'm gonna have to take off all
this plywood and put up some new
rafters I'm gonna have to go out
and cut me some lodgepole pine
or else I won't have a job
good age dry lodgepole pine is a
very durable material and I have
to get about 12 of them in order
to have a good roof system i
utilize a lot of this area to
build whatever I need my house
comes from the forest the
blacksmith shop is one of my
priorities because blacksmithing
is my number one source of
income and it's very important
that I get that done so I can
get back to work now I need my
mules to pull these lodgepoles
up out of the forest